Let's work on saving and reading from Redis.
In this lesson we learn about manually saving and reading from Redis.
We will first talk about Kafka as a central hub.
Then we will discuss why streaming from Redis makes sense.
Last, we will explore how to stream from Redis.
Let's talk about Kafka as a central hub.
We need to first remember that any data we read from
a Kafka source originates from somewhere else.
Data can come from databases, IoT devices,
log files, financial applications,
and many other sources.
When reading information from a Kafka topic,
the path that follows can look something like this.
The source system transmit some data to Kafka.
Kafka transmits that same data to a topic without modification.
The sink or receiving system decodes
the information that was encoded by the source system.
Often the final consumer is responsible to transform the original system's data.
The first message has a key called key and an encoded value.
The decoded value is test key.
The second message has a key called element and an encoded value.
The decoded value is test value.
Once the sink has decoded the data,
it can be used for processing.
Let's start by working with JSON Kafka messages as a Spark streaming source.
We will first analyze the source sample.
Next we create a schema.
Last, we use the schema to extract fields.
A core application is a system that is used to run critical processes for a business.
Here is a sample diagram where the core application stores data in a database.
When given this scenario we need to decide whether we
want to modify the core application to
transmit messages or instead use the database as the source of the messages.
When faced with the decision in this example of whether to stream directly
from the source as a new project or to stream from the current database,
you should consider these implications.
When streaming directly from the source the quality is high,
this is because it is directly written by the core application.
The time to value can be slower.
Time to value is the time it takes for a customer to benefit from your service.
The time to value can be slower due to coordination with
the main development team who supports ongoing work on the core application.
The team often has several high priority initiatives.
The regression risk of modifying the core application is moderate,
due to the critical role it has in performing business functions.
Choosing an indirect source can make time to value lower,
reduce development strain on the core team,
and reduce risk to the main application.
The indirect source may be lower quality data,
because it is not directly produced by the core system.
In this lesson we will be dealing with
the sample banking application that
currently uses Redis for storing customer information.
Redis data is stored in various data types.
A sorted set is a Redis collection that includes a value and a score.
A score is a secondary index.
We use ZADD to add records to a sorted set.
A Redis key value pair is a simple key with one value.
We use the set command to set the value.
Let's start working with streaming from Redis.
Let's discuss a phone number that is shared by multiple systems.
The banking application writes the data as the system of record.
The customer service system uses
the information to help employees interact with customers.
The auto dialer uses the phone number to make automated phone calls.
In some scenarios it may be useful for one of
the reading applications to be updated immediately when a phone number changes.
For example, an auto dialer making phone calls may be in violation of
the law if it repeatedly calls a phone number recently placed on a Do Not Call list.
In this case, the secondary system,
the auto dialer, should receive updates by subscribing to a Kafka topic.
What if there is no Kafka topic currently transmitting the phone number?
This is where we would leverage a Kafka source connector.
We will configure Kafka Connect to connect to
Redis using a Redis-specific source connector.
The way we configure the Redis source connector is by updating the properties file.
The file includes several properties.
The topic is the topic where the data from Redis will be made available.
In this case, the configured topic is called Redis server.
The host, port, password and DB name are used to establish a connection with Redis.
Kafka Connect is part of the Confluent Kafka distribution.
It is the component responsible for providing a path from an external system, a source,
to a Kafka topic,
or from a topic to an external system, a sink.
A source connector provides a connection from an outside system,
a source, to a Kafka topic.
Here's how a source connector works.
Kafka starts the connector.
The connector begins reading from the source.
New records appear in the configured topic.